well what could I say Michael Jackson
he's just a few moments away from
meeting me I bet I can hardly contain
himself but he'll be here sooner than
you think
with a show you'll never forget but
first who's the best international group
let's find out from Celine deal
good evening everyone
I'm here to present the best
international news of the year
the brit goes to Bon Jovi
Jon Bon Jovi dawn is currently shooting
his second movie as an actor and only
maybe to the Brits tonight from central
London where he's making that film with
10 minutes to spare before he came up on
stage and accepted the band's
okay thank you on behalf of the band we
thank you adios